yeah you've got to be able to make it as
it you gotta be willing to to hang in
there and do the things that you need to
do and to figure out things as you go
along with all of this and you know and
so that's just where things stand for
you right now is that you recognize
while ok here we are again and start
over from square one and put the pieces
back together but let me take some of
the lessons that I learned from my prior
experience I would imagine that you're
next
elements that are you putting together
well whether you actually do I'm on your
own site or whether you're gonna find
another platform support with your
lessons learned from first go-around of
the elements in your experience with
that too then try to put those pieces
into place for however you gonna go
about working with these new courses
that you're offering let's talk about
that a little bit more are so it is you
just gonna become a thing of the past
no I'm not just you know you to me all
my sales all on you to be all and at the
end of the day I the people that have
purchased my courses deserves the
respect structure that you know I'm
there I will continue to continue to be
you know i'm new courses I will put them
up on youtube I don't promote I what I
will do will be promote my own site now
until my own site is ready y courses and
unusually or on the other platforms I
use
I am also using the curious platform
which I'm really really found up haven't
made money on other moment but I haven't
really had anything or not but I be
using the curious I love this another
platform that I B also using and I for
the moment until I have my own stuff
ready and I see and I have all the court
together and send it all for
accreditations see exactly what sort of
requirement that they want all
I'll then decide what else so you know I
be finished should be finished by
February I am in a modular stage at the
moment on you to me but when I put
together my own site on my own so I
won't have them finished it probably the
end of February
presented to the Institute see what the
Institute say I probably won't be ready
till March to start building my own site
then it's going to depend on what's
required hopefully I'll have a built by
the end of will be ready to rock them
yet to be the year after that then it'll
be really generate
but when I have accreditations
accreditations so so you are looking at
the accreditations how are you planning
to put together you mentioned that you
it's not just that you're gonna continue
to support the existing students but you
are planning to put some more courses
new courses so how are you going to be
balancing or curious whatever platform
in some other platforms balancing things
with courses on these other platforms
versus the courses on your own you see
this as I mentioned earlier on I don't a
content strategy and one of the key
takeaways I just never ever and it's
just there all of the time and the use
of this information they don't want to
have to look for they want us anywhere
anytime on any device if I put my
courses on to you to me and leave it
there only for you to me I'm missing a
whole heap people people aren't going to
be offended if they have my site and it
says on my side I host courses i'm new
to me and I'm curious and they can click
on which one they're already a member of
you don't have to sign something else
I'm not afraid of competing with myself
because that's all I'm doing is computed
with myself
so I want to make my whoever and
whatever platform that they want but if
they want the accreditation because I I
already know that you know these
platforms won't give me the reports that
I need to back up toward the institutes
in the professional body so I'll have to
have some kind of my own site that I can
get the information from so if they want
the accreditation of the cold war
examination to become a chartered
they're gonna have to take my actual I'm
not to be the difference you can take
the courses yeah you can buy them in
modular anacostia 10 our module or
whatever you choose to do so I'm on my
site do the whole lot but it also
examines so we're not eating which is
out
yeah she's asking you about national or
international I guess maybe ask about
the accreditation with her courses so
when you are doing this you went to this
institute that was in Ireland putting
your courses together they're so with
the weather's gonna be ruling things out
now talk about that are you gonna be
looking to expand your audience so more
international type you see because I've
been lucky enough to have already
received accreditation the I'm already
actually work with the haitians and they
promote my Access courses but CPD is so
very few of them are actually you know
during the course because they they they
just don't be too pushed so I know when
I go to them they you know they two
years ago they said we are you
interested in to YouTube
now the same institute the Chartered
beekeepers have launched in America
recently they have an association the UK
to have an associational Australia and
the Association here an arm and
bookkeeping doesn't change country to
country you know bookkeeping is the
foundation of it came from seeing it
doesn't it's only when you get approval
levels of things differ in different
regions
basic bookkeeping it it's just double
entry and that doesn't change from one
country to the next there's some small
things that are different like sales tax
are known as bad as we all know will
need to know will be occasions civic but
I do plan on getting credit a show with
the organizations in each country with
the Chartered and having module
specifically for that particular region
I'm from our lives myself so I know the
Irish sales tax rules I also am very
familiar with the UK sales tax rules I
can teach that myself I have to get
somebody on board
fortunate to find out online about sex
and dating sites so I will have to have
small module sales tax that basically
the only difference that only to have
for each region but I plan on going
forth for regions this time whereas with
the exile I am never had armed 10 that's
not true I had the UK's so how it is
that is that something that you feel is
still the site you get going
international is it something that you
feel is well within your comfort zone or
is this something that you feel is yet
again kind of person you outside very
much exercise video pushes me outside to
be honest with you know what I made on
my original courses it was screencast I
didn't appear in any of the green
screening kiddo everything everything
outside of my comfort zone but I kind of
like you know how to look this is what
has to be done them don't leave me so I
have to just do it
you just you just go with us climb the
ladder